There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
Before man reaches the moon, your mail will be delivered within hours from New York to Australia by guided missiles. We stand on the threshold of rocket mail.
The Americans have need of the telephone, but we do not. We have plenty of messenger boys.
The growing gentleness of mankind will abolish, as barbarous, games which take the form of modified assault, as football, boxing, wrestling, fencing, and the like.
There is no hope for the fanciful idea of reaching the moon, because of the insurmountable barriers to escaping the earth's gravity.
Hitler will end his career as an old man in some Bavarian village who, in the biergarten in the evening, tells his intimates how he nearly overturned the German Reich… The old man, they will think, is entitled to his pipe dreams.
Daylight saving also has a hand in inflicting tuberculosis on young people, since it shortens the time permitted for sleeping.
In today's regulatory environment, it's virtually impossible to violate rules.
All marriages will be happy [in 1993], for the law will put to death any man or woman who assumes conjugal position without the proper physical, mental, and financial qualifications.
Remote shopping, while entirely feasible, will flop — because women like to get out of the house, like to handle merchandise, like to be able to change their minds.
There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home.
A hundred years from now, it is very likely that The Jumping Frog alone will be remembered.
What is dangerous is for Americans not to be in the market. We're going to reach a point where stocks are correctly priced, and we think [that point is] 36,000.
To throw bombs from an airplane will do as much damage as throwing bags of flour. It will be my pleasure to stand on the bridge of any ship while it is attacked by airplanes.
Left-handed incumbents have never been reelected... so look for a one-term Clinton presidency.
There is not the slightest indication that nuclear energy will ever be obtainable.
I don't need bodyguards.
I have traveled the length and breadth of this country and talked with the best people, and I can assure you that data processing is a fad that won't last out the year.
I was at Paramount all day yesterday, and they want me to direct this pile of trash.
The concept is interesting and well-formed, but in order to earn better than a 'C,' the idea must be feasible.
Preempt Doris Day? Are you out of your mind?
In a decade, urban dwellers will have to wear gas masks to survive air pollution.… By 1985, air pollution will have reduced the amount of sunlight reaching Earth by one half….
There will be black, blue, and green roses. It will be possible to grow any flower in any color….
For some years now, there has been promise of a large flat TV screen which would hang on the wall like a picture… [but it's likely] we shall never see such a system in operation.
I believe that the motion picture is destined to revolutionize our educational system and that in a few years it will supplant largely, if not entirely, the use of textbooks.
In the Battle of Iraq, the United States and our allies have prevailed.
If excessive smoking actually plays a role in the production of lung cancer, it seems to be a minor one.
He has become a much more quiet, more mature and thoughtful individual during his imprisonment… and does not contemplate acting against existing authority.
Who cares about a little terrorist in Afghanistan?
To believe that Apple can somehow succeed where all others have failed is to ignore some fundamental realities of tablet computing.
Atomic energy might be as good as our present-day explosives, but it is unlikely to produce anything very much more dangerous.
The cinema is little more than a fad. It's canned drama. What audiences really want to see is flesh and blood on the stage.
The Macintosh uses an experimental pointing device called a 'mouse.' There is no evidence that people want to use these things.
We will bury you.
There's no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share. No chance.
One [consequence of the automobile] will be the passing of the housefly… If there are no stables in the city and no horses on the streets, there will be no flies.
This 'telephone' has too many shortcomings to be seriously considered as a means of communication. The device is inherently of no value to us.
In 20 years, [bigotry and war] will be over. People are simply going to learn that they can get more from being groovy than being greedy.
There is a physical difference between the white and black races which I believe will forever forbid the two races living together on terms of social and political equality.
The regretful verdict here is: Dead in the Water.
Tiger never does anything that would make him look ridiculous.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vacuum tubes and weigh only 1.5 tons.
No more blazing headlines announcing the pleasant particulars of the last murder. Nothing but literature.
Get rid of the pointed ears guy.
By 2000…rayon underwear [will be] bought by chemical factories to be converted into candy.
New Coke [will be] the most significant soft drink development in [the] company's history… the surest move ever made.
These Google guys, they want to be billionaires and rock stars and go to conferences and all that. Let's see if they still want to run the business in two or three years.
[Rock 'n' roll] will be gone by June.
A university education will be free to every man and woman.
President Truman appears to be the only American who doesn't think Thomas E. Dewey will be our next president.
Nuclear-powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
Planes carrying 1,000 passengers and flying just under the speed of sound will of course be old hat. The new thing will be transport by ballistic rocket, capable of reaching any place on earth in 40 minutes.
The only thing different is the hair, as far as I can see. I give them a year.
Food will be grown in air-conditioned domes, and building materials will be mined from the moon itself.
Nothing of importance happened today.
Sean Connery can't play the sophisticated James Bond. He looks like a bricklayer.
Who would pay for a message sent to nobody in particular?
You're doin' a heckuva job, Brownie.
We plan absentee ownership. I'll stick to building ships.
Can't act. Slightly bald. Also dances.
This is not one of the summer movies where you can close your eyes during the scary parts.
I thought it was too wacky for the general public.
It's a bad joke that won't last. Not with winter coming.
Drill for oil? You mean drill into the ground to try and find oil? You're crazy.
Brain work will cause [the 'new woman'] to become bald.
Hey, we don't need you. You haven't got through college yet.
Tchaikovsky's First Piano Concerto, like the first pancake, is a flop.
God himself could not sink this ship.
You've got to call yourself 'Rock' or 'Jack' or something. Anything as long as it's not 'Elvis Presley.'
That the automobile has practically reached the limit of its development is suggested by the fact that during the past year no improvements of a radical nature have been introduced.
I think it's probably going to be Romney for the Republicans, Hillary for the Democrats.
I do not believe there is the slightest chance of war with Japan in our lifetime. War with Japan is not a possibility which any reasonable government need take into account.
It may continue to grow in China, but not in Europe or the U.S. We don't need the imaginary outlet to feel a sense of accomplishment here.
Printed books will never be the equivalent of handwritten codices, especially since printed books are often deficient in spelling and appearance.
So unbelievably horrible, so appallingly unmusical, so dogmatically insensitive to the magic of the art, that they qualify as crowned heads of anti-music.
There will never be a mass market for motor cars, about 1,000 in Europe, because that is the limit on the number of chauffeurs available.
I predict the Internet will soon go spectacularly supernova and, in 1996, catastrophically collapse.
Pneumatic tubes, instead of store wagons, will deliver packages and bundles. These tubes will collect, deliver, and transport mail over certain distances, perhaps for hundreds of miles.
Pish! A woman might piss it out.
Housewives in 50 years may wash dirty dishes right down the drain. Cheap plastic [will] melt in hot water.
Washington prepares for Queen Diana's visit.
If Mrs. Clinton gets the Democratic nomination, there is some chance that we'll get universal health care in the next adminstration. If Mr. Obama gets the nomination, it just won't happen.
The girl doesn't, it seems to me, have a special perception or feeling which would lift that book about the 'curiosity' level.
Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
Annie Hall… is a film so shapeless, sprawling, repetitious, and aimless as to seem to beg for oblivion.
The abdomen, the chest, and the brain will forever be shut from the intrusion of the wise and humane surgeon.
A man or woman unable to walk 10 miles at a stretch will be regarded as a weakling.
Rail travel at high speed is not possible because passengers, unable to breathe, would die of asphyxia.
This is a book of the season only.
Had the European governments foreseen the part which the aeroplane was to play [in World War I]… they would never have entered upon the war.
Animals, which move, have limbs and muscles. The earth does not have limbs and muscles; therefore it does not move.
Adhesive tape will be strong enough to take care of all household repairs [by the year 2000].
With over 50 foreign cars already on sale here, the Japanese auto industry isn't likely to carve out a big slice of the U.S. market.
Who ever heard of a green giant?
The Japanese don't make anything the people in the U.S. would want.
[They] might as well try to light London with a slice from the moon.
Men will never fly, because flying is reserved for angels.
Over the next century, Law will be simplified. Lawyers will have diminished, and their fees will have been vastly curtailed.
By the year 1982, the graduated income tax will have practically abolished major differences in wealth.
Our assessment is that the Egyptian government is stable and is looking for ways to respond to the legitimate needs and interests of the Egyptian people.
The expectation on the iPod is that Hewlett-Packard's version will probably outsell Apple's version relatively quickly.
We will… be greeted as liberators.
Let them eat burgers, like everyone else!
In 1984, no week will go by without warnings from the World Health Organization about pills supposed to increase intelligence but which in fact are useless and likely to cause cancer.
The highly productive employee of 2000 will work only 37 hours, or three-quarters the length of today's workweek.
Twelve million youngsters are in jeopardy from foolish grotesqueries deeply larded with ungrammatical Madison Avenue jargon.
Telephones [will] bring peace on earth, eliminate Southern accents, revolutionize surgery, stamp out 'heathenism' abroad, and save the farm by making farmers less lonely.
Taking the best left-handed pitcher in baseball and converting him into a right fielder is one of the dumbest things I ever heard.
The Coming Job Boom: Why the Employment Market for Young Graduates Has Never Been Better
Moving pictures need sound as much as Beethoven symphonies need lyrics.
Louis Pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction.
The girl who leaves the farm to work in an office or factory in the city has far fewer chances of meeting eligible young men than her grandmother who stayed at home.
But what…is it good for?
It will be years — not in my time — before a woman will become prime minister.
There's as much chance of repealing the 18th amendment prohibition of alcohol as there is for a hummingbird to fly to the Planet Mars with the Washington Monument tied to its tail.
Few drugs will be swallowed or taken into the stomach unless needed for the direct treatment of that organ itself. Drugs needed by the lungs, for instance, will be applied directly to those organs through the skin and flesh.
I must confess that my imagination refuses to see any sort of submarine doing anything but suffocating its crew and floundering at sea.
X-rays will prove to be a hoax.
One day there will be one in every city.
There's [sic] just not that many videos I want to watch.
Ours has been the first, and doubtless [will] be the last, to visit this profitless locality.
By the turn of this century, we will live in a paperless society.
He's passé. Nobody cares about Mickey anymore… I think we should phase him out.
Two years from now, spam will be solved.
And for the tourist who really wants to get away from it all, safaris in Vietnam.
There will never be a bigger plane built.
Your house [will rest] on a giant turntable, like a doll-house on a lazy Susan. Of course, it takes a bit of trouble — you have to shift gears in order to start and stop the house gently… You claim your wife is a very poor house driver.
I see no good reasons why the views given in this volume should shock the religious sensibilities of anyone.
You have a chip on your tooth, your Adam's apple sticks out too far, and you talk too slow.
Home taping is killing music.
We expect within two or three years to have virtual parity with the NFL.
With your voice, nobody is going to let you broadcast.
The Lord is going to call me home.
Let us begin by committing ourselves to the truth… to find the truth, to speak the truth, and live with the truth. That's what we'll do.
Bear Stearns is fine.
Houses will be able to fly [by 2000]… The time may come when whole communities may migrate south in the winter, or move to new lands whenever they feel the need for a change of scenery.
The trip from suburban home to office will require a few minutes only. A penny will pay the fare.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
There will be no C, X, or Q in our everyday alphabet. They will be abandoned because unnecessary.
Of all the nations, [Germany] is probably the least corrupted by the lust of conquest....
It's the end of the age of irony.
Strawberries as large as apples will be eaten by our great-great-grandchildren for their Christmas dinners.
The actual building of roads devoted to motor cars is not for the near future, in spite of many rumors to that effect.
They all thought I'd be the first to go. I was one of the live-fast, die-young, leave-a-good-looking-corpse types, you know. But I guess they were wrong.
Insect screens will be unnecessary…. Boards of health will have destroyed all mosquito haunts and breeding grounds.
The abolishment of pain in surgery is a chimera.… Knife and pain are two words in surgery that must forever be associated in the consciousness of the patient.
You better get secretarial work or get married.
Shakespeare's name, you may depend on it, stands absurdly too high and will go down. He had no invention as to stories, none whatever.
The actor's first duty is to his profession. Hence, you can rest assured that I will never again run for mayor or anything but head man in my own household.
Barack Obama is not going to beat Hillary Clinton.
That virus is a pussycat.
You will be home before the leaves have fallen from the trees.
Whatever happens, the U.S. Navy is not going to be caught napping.
I'm not much of a gambler, but I'd put a little more money that she gets in than she doesn't. You can only tease so many times....
[In the 20th Century], war is to be robbed of its ghastliness… machines will do the fighting… and sustain all the hard knocks.
Every woman is frightened of a mouse.
Nicaragua and Mexico will be the next two states admitted to the Union.
Splitting the atom is like trying to shoot a gnat in the Albert Hall at night and using ten million rounds of ammunition on the off chance of getting it.
Twitter, as we know it, will fade away. Either acquired or shut down.
My principles, in brief, are that Jesus Christ will come again to this earth, cleanse, purify, and take possession of the same, with all the saints, sometime between March 21, 1843 and March 21, 1844.
What could be more palpably absurd than the prospect held out of locomotives traveling twice as fast as stagecoaches?
So many centuries after the Creation, it is unlikely that anyone could find hitherto unknown lands of any value.
There is no doubt.
Reagan doesn't have that presidential look.
Stocks have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau.
I cannot conceive of any vital disaster happening to this vessel. Modern ship building has gone beyond that.
We fancy that any real child might be more puzzled than enchanted by this stiff, overwrought story.
[In the year 2000,] authors of self-help books will be required to provide proof that they have actually helped themselves.
Fooling around with AC electricity is just a waste of time. Nobody will use it, ever.
Delicious oranges will be grown in the suburbs of Philadelphia.
Next Christmas, the iPod will be dead, finished, gone, kaput.
If a wife or husband seems to be unusually grouchy on a given evening… a spouse will pop down to the corner drugstore, buy some anti-grouch pills, and slip them into the coffee.
People give ear to an upstart astrologer who strove to show that the earth revolves, not the heavens… This fool wishes to reverse the entire science of astronomy.
People won't want to play these electronic games for more than a week, not once we start selling pinball machines for the home.
It is a big expensive cookbook of elaborate information and might well prove formidable to the American housewife. She… may be frightened by the book as a whole.
It doesn't matter what he does — he will never amount to anything.
The worst is likely to be behind us.
There will be no wild animals except in menageries.
If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
Mankind also faces the ominous possibilities of armies of asexually produced identical soldiers….
We doubt younger boys will be that excited by the main character.
DEWEY DEFEATS TRUMAN
Osama Bin Laden: Dead or Alive
Condi vs. Hillary: The Next Great Presidential Race
Beef cattle the size of dogs will be grazed in the average man's backyard, eating specially-thick grass and producing specially-tender steaks.
Tomorrow's belle of the ball may spray her hair with a substance that attracts butterflies, and then release her own butterflies from a plastic bag so that they can hover around her head during the evening.
We shall escape the absurdity of growing a whole chicken in order to eat the breast or wing by growing these parts separately under a suitable medium.
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote.
We happen to believe, despite the polls, that Bill Clinton will lose [reelection] to any Republican who doesn't drool on stage.
